docs: Clean up OpenTelemetry docs (#11882)
elastic/apm-server: docs/otel-limitations.asciidoc

[[open-telemetry-collector-exporter]]
==== OpenTelemetry Collector exporter for Elastic

> The https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/v0.57.2/exporter/elasticsearchexporter#elasticsearch-exporter[OpenTelemetry Collector exporter for Elastic]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/v0.57.2/exporter/elasticexporter[OpenTelemetry Collector exporter for Elastic]
```

has been deprecated and replaced by the native support of the OpenTelemetry Line Protocol in Elastic Observability (OTLP).
// To learn more, see https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/v0.57.2/exporter/elasticsearchexporter#migration[migration].

> The https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/elasticsearchexporter#elasticsearch-exporter[OpenTelemetry Collector exporter for Elastic]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/elasticsearchexporter#elasticsearch-exporter[Elasticsearch exporter for the OpenTelemetry Collector]
```
